## Expand

1.  JavaScript developers believe that most of the issues with JavaScript stem from its asynchronous nature, its loose typing, and the web platform it runs on. For each of the three reasons listed, explain in your own words why a developer might believe that it is a pain point.
    - For "its asynchronous nature", this harder for developers to keep track on where the program is at at the moment, and so harder for debugging/testing.
    - For "loose typing", unlike other programming languages that assigns a dedicated type for each variable, some problem might sound ridiculous when it comes up. For example, as the example we explored earlier, '3' + 2 return '32' in Javascript, but usually a type mismatch error for other languages. This makes it harder to debug since Javascript won't tell you that there's an error here.
    - For "the web platform it runs on", since different web platform has different configurations when launching websites. The most well-known example would be IE vs Google Chrome. Most of us test our programs in Chrome, but not usually IE. They have different setting and so different results when running your website. It is very difficult to accomodate every web platform settings.
2. Related to the first question, why do you believe that the developer(s) who created JavaScript made it loosely typed? Why do you think they added asynchronous features?
    - Since web is somewhat unlike a real program like a program compiled in C, Java, etc. Even if there's an error, we want to make sure the website still have something to show, rather than "ERROR 404" whenever a single error comes up. Other than that, in websites, we always need to convert between various data types, such as inserting a number into a url/string, or printing out an array of numbers. It would reduce some of the conversion steps within the javascript file.
3. What are the key differences between a compiled language and an interpreted one? Which one is JavaScript? What are the benefits & drawbacks of JavaScript being made that way?
    - We can know from their names, interpreted language are interpreted rather than being compiled into machine code. Interpreted programs can be changed even if it is running. However, it has slower performance.
    - Javascript is an interpreted language. It makes it easier to be processed by browsers. The browser just need to read over lines of the Javascript file and run them. However, it makes launching a website usally not an extremely rapid job that finished in like a couple of ms.
4. The professor believes that, though sometimes misused, JavaScript frameworks are incredibly powerful tools that can help teams work more efficiently and effectively. Given that, why do you believe he is focusing more on vanilla JavaScript for this course? What are the benefits of mastering vanilla JS first? What are the drawbacks of not learning a framework?
    - Since this is a relatively short course compared to a real website project, learning vanilla Javascript would be much easier and faster than learning the complete framework. Moreover, Javascript is one of the most commonly-used programming language in various websites. Learning it would also benefit us in knowledge for building a real website.
    - Being said that, by not learning a framework, we might not "truly" and "fully" understand how everything works behind the code. Sometimes it might be harder for us to interpret the errors or perform some actions that actually needs to accomodate other tools.
    - However, it is a good thing to keep everything simple within this short little course to let everyone focus on the idea of "software engineering" and apply the skills of that.
5. Explain, in your own words, how you think this lab relates to your project. How might you be able to use this information in your own project?
    - We are going to build our own website application, with human interactions. Javascript enables a lot of those functions. With only HTML or CSS, it is not yet a fully functional website that allows the users to interact with the website and perform actions such as adding recipies or searching for recipies. 
